how do you buy a house in a world where
you're poor and the rich have
everything the answer is you borrow the
money from the rich and that that's
mortgages and mortgages have been the
way that we have squared this circle for
the last 20 years in this country so
they need to keep people owning property
but inequality is rising and Rising the
middle class are losing their assets so
how do we
keep Ordinary People owning property
when in a equality is rising because
Rising inequality of wealth means you
lose your assets but we need you to lose
your assets but keep your house how is
that possible the answer is increasing
debt so you can keep your house and you
can just get more and more and more and
more in debt to the rich that way you
stay a property owner but you become
poorer and poorer generation after
generation so it's really mortgages and
debt are like the magic solution that
works for the government